[Fix] add documentation regarding usage of filter/post_filter in k-NN… (#4494)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/knn/filter-search-knn.md

- [Lucene k-NN filter](#using-a-lucene-k-nn-filter): This approach applies filtering _during_ the k-NN search, as opposed to before or after the k-NN search, which ensures that `k` results are returned. You can only use this method with the Hierarchical Navigable Small World (HNSW) algorithm implemented by the Lucene search engine in k-NN plugin versions 2.4 and later.

> Note that location of `filter` expression matters when it's used with knn query clause. If it's provided outside knn query clause, then it has to be a leaf query clause and is applied after knn search and works exactly the same as `post_filter` keyword. If it's provided within knn query clause, it works as a hybrid of pre-filtering and post-filtering and is only supported for Lucene search engine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The location of the `filter` clause matters when it's used with a k-NN query clause. If the `filter` clause is  outside the k-NN query clause, it must be a leaf clause. In this case, the filter is applied after the k-NN search and works exactly like the `post_filter` keyword. If the `filter` clause is within the k-NN query clause, it works as a hybrid of pre- and post-filtering (this option is only supported for the Lucene search engine).
```

Author: ack, revising in the next commit

}
```

> The location of the `filter` clause matters when it's used with a k-NN query clause. If the `filter` clause is  outside the k-NN query clause, it must be a leaf clause. In this case, the filter is applied after the k-NN search and works exactly like the `post_filter` keyword. If the `filter` clause is within the k-NN query clause, it works as a hybrid of pre- and post-filtering (this option is only supported for the Lucene search engine).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The location of the `filter` clause matters when it's used with a k-NN query clause. If the `filter` clause is outside the k-NN query clause, it must be a leaf clause. In this case, the filter is applied after the k-NN search and works exactly like the `post_filter` keyword. If the `filter` clause is within the k-NN query clause, it works as a hybrid of pre- and post-filtering (this option is only supported for the Lucene search engine).
```
